for years I've wondered if the stories
were true and now I find they have the
proof
you found a coin I found the coin the
end of the Civil War a battleship
carrying a secret shipment of gold
vanished without a trace
the hell did you get this
I'm the Niger River in Africa you have
72 hours to develop nope I got the check
I'll get the check for explored dirt pit
and his D misses the place I have to
warn you it is very dangerous for
foreigners it was a good ship a custom
the mystery that's buried with a
long-forgotten legend carries the threat
thing could kill millions no one could
have imagined not to have the ship of
death great this spring the Americans I
was telling you about they would soon
find out what we're doing and now the
problem is mine
as a bad news about your boat now every
clue I'm looking for a boat this is love
to be Harbor
what every secret is checking out brings
them closer to the greatest discovery
Under the Sun
bring them to me from international
best-selling author Clive Cussler CIU
[Music]
McConaughey
there's no way that last you know art
these odd but nella peekers
that's your hunter there's a toolkit you
don't want to rain on your crazy parade
buddy but I don't think we can fix this
thing
we're ready great time
directed by breck eisner
[Music]